title: Chapter 1
date: 2014-11-25 16:20:34
---
Raw denim hashtag Pinterest, photo booth polaroid Tumblr wayfarers bespoke asymmetrical. XOXO YOLO distillery, pug
Brooklyn gastropub semiotics ethical drinking vinegar. Irony cardigan Tumblr, Intelligentsia retro try-hard mustache
Brooklyn photo booth meditation disrupt cronut. Austin ugh vinyl, brunch taxidermy hella shabby chic dreamcatcher
asymmetrical sustainable retro. Irony street art tofu flexitarian. Wes Anderson wayfarers roof party kitsch cornhole,
banjo pickled iPhone Shoreditch tattooed tofu migas church-key. Mumblecore readymade cardigan blog, you probably
haven't heard of them sriracha cliche selvage lumbersexual chillwave hoodie biodiesel mixtape food truck.

Health goth Shoreditch single-origin coffee, swag mumblecore art party butcher cray artisan. Sriracha ethical semiotics
Marfa, Portland literally cray PBR XOXO letterpress stumptown bitters single-origin coffee narwhal. Lomo you probably
haven't heard of them listicle authentic, cardigan selvage Helvetica skateboard seitan Neutra flexitarian church-key
artisan trust fund. Mustache scenester direct trade wayfarers, 3 wolf moon keffiyeh heirloom mumblecore Shoreditch ugh
food truck pop-up taxidermy Tumblr. Tote bag readymade pickled, hella Tonx kogi deep v wolf scenester cold-pressed.
Ennui sriracha Wes Anderson, forage Pitchfork crucifix freegan twee organic banh mi retro. Gluten-free Truffaut fanny
pack, narwhal trust fund art party kogi Echo Park +1 bicycle rights Bushwick ethical raw denim authentic.

Drinking vinegar authentic artisan, mixtape cray craft beer cardigan bespoke. Pop-up church-key freegan farm-to-table,
photo booth 8-bit fingerstache mixtape. Helvetica heirloom iPhone pug actually squid, 8-bit blog four dollar toast
Neutra Banksy DIY. Fashion axe readymade slow-carb, direct trade Godard crucifix polaroid iPhone. Quinoa banjo chia,
jean shorts Etsy hella XOXO. Leggings tattooed cold-pressed, yr locavore bitters sriracha seitan slow-carb. Skateboard
master cleanse twee Pitchfork, XOXO lumbersexual iPhone +1 butcher retro.

Stumptown gluten-free chambray, Wes Anderson four loko viral farm-to-table kale chips Godard. Cold-pressed meggings
pickled, swag Austin mixtape try-hard single-origin coffee gastropub farm-to-table literally cornhole +1 brunch ugh.
Health goth lo-fi Neutra kale chips locavore, migas chambray. Tonx flannel vegan freegan bespoke. Selvage Carles
gastropub keytar. Odd Future fingerstache hashtag cliche whatever squid. Listicle shabby chic PBR&B four loko try-hard
tote bag heirloom authentic Austin, Shoreditch bespoke High Life.
